README.md, before:

# Ensembling geophysical models using Bayesian Neural Networks
This repository contains the code and pretrained models accompanying the paper "Ensembling geophysical models using Bayesian neural networks". This code has the following dependencies: python >=3.6, tensorflow-gpu == 1.15, matplotlib == 3.2.1, numpy == 1.18.5, basemap == 0.1.

The BayNNE for the toy problem can be trained using Toy Problem/Training.py and the plots from the paper may be reproduced by running Toy Problem/Plotting.ipynb. Similarly, the BayNNE for the ozone data can be trained using Ozone/Training.py. Pre-trained neural network model files may be found in Ozone/Pretrained and these can be loaded by Ozone/Loading.ipynb. The plots from the paper and baseline comparisons can be reproduced by running Ozone/Plotting.ipynb. To work with these notebooks, the ozone dataset (https://osf.io/ynax2/download) must be present in the Ozone folder.

The following table summarizes the prediction RMSEs in Dobson Units on subsets of the validation dataset.


| Method        | Temporal extrapolation | Missing North Pole | Missing South Pole | Missing Tropics | Satellite Voids | Small Features |
| ------------- | ---------------------- | ------------------ | ------------------ | --------------- | ---------------- | -------------- |
| BayNNE        | **4.4** | **4.7** | **6.6** | **2.7** | 2.1 | **3.2** | 
| Bilinear\*     |  |  |  | 31.2 | **1.7** | 3.4 |
| Spatiotemporal Kriging\*|  |  |  | 7.0 | 2.2 | 3.4 |
| Multi-model mean | 15.7 | 8.8 | 30.5 | 9.8 | 9.2 | 16.4 |
| Weighted mean | 8.7 | 12.3 | 22.1 | 8.2 | 8.5 | 10.2 |
| Spatially weighted mean | 9.8 | 6.6 | 19.6 | 5.5 | 5.2 | 10.0 |

\*Used for interpolation only

Commit message:

Added Binder link for toy example

README.md, after:

# Ensembling geophysical models using Bayesian Neural Networks
This repository contains the code and pretrained models accompanying the paper "Ensembling geophysical models using Bayesian neural networks". This code has the following dependencies: python >=3.6, tensorflow-gpu == 1.15, matplotlib == 3.2.1, numpy == 1.18.5, basemap == 0.1.

The BayNNE for the toy problem can be trained using Toy Problem/Training.py and the plots from the paper may be reproduced by running Toy Problem/Plotting.ipynb. Similarly, the BayNNE for the ozone data can be trained using Ozone/Training.py. Pre-trained neural network model files may be found in Ozone/Pretrained and these can be loaded by Ozone/Loading.ipynb. The plots from the paper and baseline comparisons can be reproduced by running Ozone/Plotting.ipynb. To work with these notebooks, the ozone dataset (https://osf.io/ynax2/download) must be present in the Ozone folder.

An easily runnable (binder) example of the toy example can be found here: [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/mattramos/Toy-bayesian-neural-network-ensemble/master?filepath=toy_dataset_example.ipynb)


The following table summarizes the prediction RMSEs in Dobson Units on subsets of the validation dataset.


| Method        | Temporal extrapolation | Missing North Pole | Missing South Pole | Missing Tropics | Satellite Voids | Small Features |
| ------------- | ---------------------- | ------------------ | ------------------ | --------------- | ---------------- | -------------- |
| BayNNE        | **4.4** | **4.7** | **6.6** | **2.7** | 2.1 | **3.2** | 
| Bilinear\*     |  |  |  | 31.2 | **1.7** | 3.4 |
| Spatiotemporal Kriging\*|  |  |  | 7.0 | 2.2 | 3.4 |
| Multi-model mean | 15.7 | 8.8 | 30.5 | 9.8 | 9.2 | 16.4 |
| Weighted mean | 8.7 | 12.3 | 22.1 | 8.2 | 8.5 | 10.2 |
| Spatially weighted mean | 9.8 | 6.6 | 19.6 | 5.5 | 5.2 | 10.0 |

\*Used for interpolation only
